# README for Recipe
## Katherine Ayers
I guess to start I got my recipe from [this site](http://damndelicious.net/2016/01/07/slow-cooker-tomato-kale-and-quinoa-soup/)
## First Part
This project wasn't necessarily difficult for me, it just required sitting down and acutally doing it. I chose my recipe because it's actually something I made that morning, and it seemed to work well for this project. I found it difficult to use certain aspects of code that were required for this project. I didn't end up using strike through, delete, or subscript because there was never a need for this in the recipe. So those didn't get used. I had a difficult time with style, I implemented yet but it never appeared, so perhaps it was incorrect. Overall this project was fun and I had a good time.
## Second part
This part of the project was a step up. We're now to a point where we're learning things I haven't done which is exciting. The first problem I had was pictures. Mine would not load and probably still won't unless I fixed it. It's frustrating because I copied how to do it with the path going to my images and it wasn't working out. Also I couldn't get the abbreviations to work very well, but otherwise the instructions was fine. Then with the form. I had a couple problems with the button, as well as getting the requried flag to show up. But I got it. It doesn't look very pleasing but all the elements are there. I also could not get the home button to work, it takes you to a page but it won't take you back to the index page. Which is frustrating. Update: I could not make the pictures come up. I tried several things, and as far as it looks, it looks exactly like the example and all the files are there so I don't know what I'm doing wrong. I'm turning it in incomplete, because I've even had a second pair of eyes on it and he couldn't get it either. I got the first page image finally but I still can't get the second page one.
## Third Part
This part seemed easier to me. I think it was because I had a better grasp on it from last time. My pictures and video loaded this time, which feels like a miracle. The process was just going down the line really. I made the two pages I needed to, and followed what they needed. The biggest problem I had was sound. I'm still not sure my song is playing but it loads. It's seemingly in there. I also had a hard time converting the video to .webm. It was just slow and I had to find the right site. Some improvements I've had, is that now all the home buttons actually go to home. I've learned so much from this project, and now I have something that reslembles an actual website, though it doesn't look the best, it functions and that's really cool.
